BACKEND (Ariana & Jennifer): Flask & Supplementary HTML
For the backend, we were able to expand a lot of the features that were previously missing in the MVP version. For example, a user can now successfully register as either a participant or researcher, in which case their information is saved in the SQL database (and can be used to log in). We were then able to implement the sessions in order to keep track of which user is currently logged in. In addition, a researcher can also add a trial, which is then displayed to other users to see. Most of the work done was being able to successfully add all of the information of the labs and trials into the database (since we have intermediate tables between labs, researchers, and trials). Our next steps now are to make each of the trials clickable in order to expand into a full view of a full description. Along with this should be a “saved” button so that users can save trials that they want to participate in. 

FRONTEND (Jessica & Aly): React.js
For frontend, we worked on learning how to use react to create new pages, move between pages, event features, and add stylistic elements to improve the final aesthetic design of the web application. Additionally, we created all the HTML templates that were used for the backend to test functionality. These are crude and will ultimately not be used in the final version so design was not the focus. Unfortunately, we were unable to connect the flask backend with the react interface for the alpha version due to compilation errors. The next steps are to flush out all the remaining pages (scrollable search function, personalized search, scheduling trials, etc), implement google calendar API, and connect flask. Overall, proud of the alpha react version given our react resources. 
